Valentine's Day as you know was
yesterday of course this is supposed to
be the most romantic night of year but
doesn't always go that way we thought it
would be a fun area for our pedestrian
question so we went out on the street
this afternoon we asked people passing
by our studio did you have sex last
night it's a yes-or-no question there's
very little in between but here's how it
will work we see a person introduce
himself or herself and then based solely
on that introduction together we will
try to guess if that person did indeed
do it last night okay let's play our
first pedestrian is hi what's your name
and where you from Raymond I'm from
Canada Raymond did you have sex last
night
okay think about right
[Applause]
Lada knows you know Canadians have sex
too
let's find out the audience says no you
know this true yeah eight o'clock well
she is a lucky lady next up been lucky
filter from Massachusetts did you have
sex last night
did man Duncan participate in sex last
night
what about mix about having to have the
answer is yes not bad not bad at all
and would you rank in the same way yeah
we're good on a scale of one to ten I'd
give it a good nine point two so what
can he do to get that extra point eight
and nine he knows well I don't know I
want to know it's like in a movie where
the guy dies right before he shares the
secret of life all right we have more my
name is Eric and I'm from Sweden hire do
you celebrate Valentine's Day in Sweden
hell if - yes Allah octants dog very
good I don't know what that means hey my
question for you is did you celebrate
Valentine's Day by having sex last night
did Eric have Swedish erotica
[Applause]
oh we got mostly nose but a few yeses
let's find out no and why not we slept
in the same room Oh as a matter of fact
I did good morning
morning Harry
hi let's see another one precious and I
am from Detroit Michigan
precious did you have sex last night as
Superman
the 12 year old Superman strolls behind
her did precious make sweet love last
night let's see I sure did
[Applause]
and she send herself flowers candy the
whole thing you get half credit for that
precious who do we have next
hi I'm Sylvia and I'm from the Chicago
area
Sylvia last night was Valentine's Day
did you have sex last night I think the
eyes might give it away
mostly audience says Sylvia is he yes no
and why not we had flown all the way
from Chicago we got up real early in the
morning and by the time we got to the
hotel room around 4:00 in the afternoon
we were totally exhausted what about
tonight any big plans um oh yeah big
plans for tonight
what's that well dinner and possibly sex
run Silvia
as we possibly sex is the best kind of
sex and I believe we have one more
person on the street hi what's your name
and where you from in here how you doing
good and Guillermo did you have sex last
night
spider-man says yes let's find out of
course he would
butter flour chocolate cheese yeah that
is the giggle of a very horny little
Ewok I'm trying to imagine that
happening right now
thanks doll thank you you Guillermo for
playing along and thanks to everyone who
stopped you answer that very probing
question on the street hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel if you enjoyed the video hit
subscribe and if you don't click
Subscribe
this invisible hamster will die